now at least three Sailors have been
killed in an attack by Yemen's suie
fighters on a cargo ship in the Gulf of
Aiden now that's according to us Central
Command there are or they are the first
fatalities since houthis began their
attacks on commercial shipping in
protest against Israel's war on Gaza the
owners of The Vessel say that the true
confidence was struck 90 km off the
coast of Aiden the ship is reportedly a
drift and on fire there were 20 crew on
board and three armed security
guards
the naval forces of the yemeni Armed
Forces carried out a targeting operation
against the American ship through
confidence in the Gulf of Aden with a
number of Naval missiles the strike was
accurate and led to a fire breaking out
on board the vessel the targeting
operation came after the ship crew
ignored warning messages from the yemeni
naval
forces the yemeni Armed Forces persist
in upholding their religious moral and
humanitarian duties and supporting the
oppressed Palestinian people the
operations and the red and Arab Seas
will not stop until the aggression stops
and The Siege on the Palestinian people
in the Gaza Strip is lifted sh Brans has
more from Washington
DC us Central Command and the Pentagon
say that the vessel hit was a Barbados
flaged Liberian owned bulk carrier that
was transiting the Gulf of Aiden it's
very difficult to tell from that whether
there is any us connection as the
houthis claim given the opacity the lack
of transparency the flags of convenience
in international shipping the Pentagon
did give us some more information though
about the context of this latest attack
they say it's the fifth anti- ship
ballistic missile fired by the houthis
in the last two days two of those
missiles impacted two shipping vessels
and one was shot down by the USS Carney
the houthis say that they will continue
targeting vessels linked to what they
call the Israeli genocide as long as it
continues as long as the US allows it to
continue but there's no change in policy
from the state department asked as to
how successful US policy is of detering
deterrence and degradation of houie
capabilities Matt Miller the state
department spokesperson simply said it's
a longterm process but apparently still
the one the one element that the US is
still not considering is uh stopping or
attempting to stop what the houthi say
is a genocide in Gaza Shia brtan Al
jazer Washington